How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    It clearly showed which file contains which content. It provides a direct comparsion line by line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can see which history often repeats. Typicall errors can be clearly identified. It is always visible and identifiable when which change was done.

    It is fast and easy to find previous thoughts. You can see who did what change. You can ask another programmer why he did something like he did.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    +it is saved and reviewable by a group of people
    +a human decides  when it is the best time to commit
    -A lot of versions are visible even with changes which might be not of interest to others
    -different decision rules apply for a manual commit

    +frequency is very indifferent
    -a second person does not know when to review the code
    -decision making for commit might be not consistent

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    To ensure that each coding fragment works with each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Via the terminal. By default, with no arguments, git log lists the commits made in that repository in reverse chronological order – that is, the most recent commits show up first.
    git-diff - Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc

    With git log I can identify under which ID which change was done. With git diff I see added and deleted line with a different color. i also see the changed code.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    The work is saved and it is possible to come to a near past working version back without starting from the very beginning.

    Because I easy can access previous versions of my code. Nothing is lost.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Project work in the data analyst nanodegree. Setting up marketing analysis for chassis dynamometers.
    
    Use for comparing files and seeing differences between various versions.

    

